Now it's all within control
You have to believe that I have the ability to solve problems
Uncle, in fact, you don't have to worry
The children are all on themselves
I can help you.
I also have a certain number of fans now
I can forward the statement for you.
Maybe it can turn things around
you
What are you laughing at?
I'm laughing.
Why am I so cute?
Such a good Sun size is very lucky.
I met you too
Don't worry.
Even if it is not timely, there will be a solution.
Mr. Ji has since privately and forwarded the company's public relations
After the clarification announcement
Online sentiment is no longer one-sided
Although many people are scolding the timing
But there are a lot of people who are maintaining the timing situation
There is also an early guarantee transfer.
But most are still in the wait-and-see stage
I want to see how we deal with the timing.
That would be fine.